# Polymorphism-driver-program
This is an individual assignment and will be checked for plaigiarism across the class and the Internet.  All the code must be your own.  You will be given a driver program with a main method inside of a SalaryCalculator class.  This main method will handle all the data needed to be input into the program.  You can not change anything inside of the SalaryCalculator class.  Your job will be to create two classes and an interface.  The Interface you create will be IWorkable.  Inside of IWorkable you need a method computePay() that returns a double.  Your SalariedWorker needs a constructor that takes in the employee's yearly salary and their employee id, in that order.  As you complete the classes and methods you will see the errors disappearing from Netbeans in your driver method inside of SalaryCalculator.  To calculate the SalariedWorker's pay, simply divide the yearly salary by the number of weeks in the year.  The HourlyWorker needs a constructor with the employee id, hourly wages, and hours worked, in that order.  To calculate the HourlyWorkers salary simply multiply the hours worked by the hourly wages.  Lastly, you need to create a toString() method for both the HourlyWorker and the SalariedWorker.  You will display the type of worker first (Salaried Worker: or Hourly Worker: ) followed by the employee id and followed by the weekly wages which must have a dollar sign and only two decimals.  There are many, many ways to display the weekly pay as money.  I used NumberFormat.getCurrencyInstance() for my program submitted to mimir.
